.evergreen/atlas/README.md, before:

# Atlas Setup and Teardown Scripts

The scripts in this folder are used to setup and teardown Atlas clusters.

## Prerequisites

See [Secrets Handling](../secrets_handling/README.md) for details on how to access the secrets
from the `drivers/atlas` vault.

## Usage

It is recommended that you use the cluster's task group to ensure the cluster is shut down properly.
Note that we have to pass "task_id" and "execution" to ensure unique cluster name,
and the `LAMBDA_STACK_NAME`.
An example task group running on a Linux EVG host might look like:

```yaml
- name: test_aws_lambda_task_group
  setup_group:
    - func: fetch source
    - func: prepare resources
    - command: subprocess.exec
      params:
        binary: bash
        include_expansions_in_env: ["task_id", "execution"]
        env:
            LAMBDA_STACK_NAME: dbx-python-lambda
        args:
          - ${DRIVERS_TOOLS}/.evergreen/atlas/setup-atlas-cluster.sh
    - command: expansions.update
      params:
        # Set MONGODB_URI
        file: atlas-expansion.yml
  teardown_task:
    - command: subprocess.exec
      params:
        working_dir: src
        binary: bash
        args:
          - ${DRIVERS_TOOLS}/.evergreen/atlas/teardown-atlas-cluster.sh
  setup_group_can_fail_task: true
  setup_group_timeout_secs: 1800
  tasks:
    - test-aws-lambda-deployed
```

If other OSes are needed, use the `setup-secrets.sh` script in this directory with the full `ec2.assume_role`
method described in [Secrets Handling](../secrets_handling/README.md).

Commit message:

auto-generate the atlas cluster name

.evergreen/atlas/README.md, after:

# Atlas Setup and Teardown Scripts

The scripts in this folder are used to setup and teardown Atlas clusters.

## Prerequisites

See [Secrets Handling](../secrets_handling/README.md) for details on how to access the secrets
from the `drivers/atlas` vault.

## Usage

It is recommended that you use the cluster's task group to ensure the cluster is shut down properly.
Note that we have to pass a `LAMBDA_STACK_NAME`, which is used to generate the Atlas cluster name.
An example task group running on a Linux EVG host might look like:

```yaml
- name: test_aws_lambda_task_group
  setup_group:
    - func: fetch source
    - func: prepare resources
    - command: subprocess.exec
      params:
        binary: bash
        env:
            LAMBDA_STACK_NAME: dbx-python-lambda
        args:
          - ${DRIVERS_TOOLS}/.evergreen/atlas/setup-atlas-cluster.sh
    - command: expansions.update
      params:
        # Set MONGODB_URI
        file: atlas-expansion.yml
  teardown_task:
    - command: subprocess.exec
      params:
        working_dir: src
        binary: bash
        args:
          - ${DRIVERS_TOOLS}/.evergreen/atlas/teardown-atlas-cluster.sh
  setup_group_can_fail_task: true
  setup_group_timeout_secs: 1800
  tasks:
    - test-aws-lambda-deployed
```

If other OSes are needed, use the `setup-secrets.sh` script in this directory with the full `ec2.assume_role`
method described in [Secrets Handling](../secrets_handling/README.md).
